two
good as they are I hope very well the
today's video I will talk about couples
ideals of anime that's because it's a
topic that is talked about a lot and good
it occurred to me to make a list of several
animes and arm couples obviously this
I did not work alone but I did not
believe in the one that has helped me from the centrol
or the gays so we will do this video
between the two
let's start and as an adult have a lot of tricks
your ideal couples nobody you think that
or maybe the scope for being that with such
time a mourning by itself good good good
those that maybe cynar others are
they gave a very nice kiss and all that
money everything to look for seems a bit
good gay and all that but I think it's not going
to finish with another person bertoldi
another couple please in which operated
May night
for martí control good I tell you
other couples apart from those fairies that
just say electron there are great
chances that it does not end with
sakura since this one has a very
similar to the routine way but not
I would like that also with them we
have also with gina is who
she also has several chances since she
if you're in love with Naruto about those
what good but also bring another as
he says I do not want to determine with sure
but the one that I think has more chances
that all is karina condolences maybe that the
he tried to kill
Well now we go with the couples of
he punishes having been expelled
but also more us than by
Example of goat to finish with someone
that is a wing and vice mayor human and
whatever is at the same time or otherwise
time with russia but I do not believe with blonde
because she already gave him to understand that no
will leave the friends even though the
villa also until I have left to
disc I think it is and do not see how we could
see is quite in love with him though
the boy does not notice this and hey
should take advantage of the since you're
as of deeds since girls like these
there is not anywhere
glove made of the author said kieron
interest to earn more so not
wants to mix it with the series without
But I think at some point near
of the end we will see some couple and good
what we did with protagonists light end
you are paying to anyone interested and
that the only thing that interests him is
find the one piece but what happens
when in the glove and stable and lenses
in tensing the girls and which candidates
we have I think they look with what is the
I think it's the one that really loves
light and since you want to marry him and
for more than many light days and finished
for a friend
and neither of the two together so
when I stay with the shots in charge
and with only good maybe with workshops
paisas cares and good can continue old
most critical memories burgos ok too
we have so with who could finish is
so who falls in love with all I think
at some point in his life he's going to
find someone who really
falls in love and that to think so much in other
women but that will also be the end
of the series has been part yet not
we met the artist's person she
will fall in love completely good anthony
Also we are not much of love to
7 what theoretical protagonist goes to
finish with a piece of meat
getting married and having children waiting
we attack saying it does not make sense that
need look what was going to end with
laugh that is in love with the first
chapter that we saw it and well I think that
so cute couple but as with wampis not
it is very important and if it happens to pass to
end of the series is to say with love to the
obvious couple that we have but without
institute by rne that you can not get to
nothing because of this problem that
It has a bug and becoming a conan
but good update to the couple
definitive critical mate
you're wrong, chinche will end when
there's a little detective girl you have a
torpedo cold gay sun
good but I do think that more was
determined to be in with my house yes good
they were very happy for a long time
impossible because it indicates venues that
electric abbot that my light house that
what is right
good in happy and we have a couple of
couples I think I think it would be
was born because he or maybe give his
gray a team in which by the way
grace was classic very good the truth is
who has serious problems with
gay relationships I think it will not end
with light and more than obvious but also
takes out the general of the series gray's good
obviously with rain since also
she is in love with him so for me
those are two ideal couples facing
good about six of them the truth is
that I criticize antrum for its mentality
to consider everyone gay but
some very good couples
is for jehovah, that is, the house of the
book can give you a lot of heat if you do not
need more
mate critical troll good good rain
I have to be a piece too and then the
trap since we have according to sense and
omega is would be please as always
tell us understand how it has changed is
between these two but according to 66 omega
I repeat it seems that this was confirmed and
good times got married something like that if
I'm not wrong, not so much good alejandro
I think we already have a couple of couples
with you place and cure itches for lion me
I think it was a very bad idea to do this
video with the trunk
I am the couples and approach with good
I think it's more than obvious from the pull
more for pikachu is for vital yuc but
we also have ace for pikachu matris
critics or phil coke and good back I do not know
If I am they are typical but four couples of
pokemon is the only one itself happens and
I want there are those who are watching this
video too so nothing guys that
would be a couple of in several cities the
year for me good here the troll although it
he controls a little forgot because he entered what
only you start in gay things or in
morbid things however I think that in
a couple of couples was right but hey
if you liked this video now they are going to
second part of ideal couples of
anime as well as they can make a
part of the types of much
share more bread and almost from the
comments below or let's say if they are
in agreement or not with those that we mentioned
thank you very much for this
video see you in the next chat
greetings for bryant morals ass light
felipe lezcano fabian 32 15 that walk
super guys